Now, before we now finally get started
with React and with writing code,
I want to give you a couple of tips and tricks
that help you with getting the most out of this course.
Of course, this is a video on-demand course and therefore,
the most important thing you can do when taking this course
is that you watch the videos.
You should of course do that, but watch them at your pace.
You got those speed controls in the video player.
You can speed me up if I'm going too slow
or slow me down a bit if I'm going too fast.
You can also pause and rewind and repeat
and these are all things you should do
and take advantage of.
It's a video on-demand course, no live course.
So take advantage of this and go through the course
and through the lectures at your pace.
It's totally normal
that you sometimes will need to repeat a lecture
because you maybe didn't fully understand the concept yet.
Do that, that is the idea of this course.
But also, don't just watch the videos
also consider coding along and practicing what you learn.
Often in this course, I will tell you to practice something.
I will challenge you to try something on your own
before we then do it together.
But even if I don't do that, always consider pausing
and trying something out on your own first
before we do it together.
Once we did something together, maybe pause
and try rebuilding what we just build on your own.
These are really crucial steps and tricks
that help you get way more out of this course.
So definitely, consider coding along and practicing
because it is practice
that will turn you into an expert at the end.
Now it is 100% normal that at some point
when you follow along and when you practice,
you will face problems.
You will have some errors
and you will need to find solutions.
And definitely, try debugging errors
and finding solutions on your own first.
Also, use the code attachments
which you find on the last lecture of every module
to solve problems on your own.
Those code attachments come as links to GitHub
and from GitHub, you can download my code snapshots
to then compare them to yours.
And when you compare my code to yours,
when you maybe replace your code with mine
temporarily step by step,
you should be able to narrow down issues
and solve problems on your own.
And that is extremely important.
As a developer,
you need to be able to solve problems on your own.
So use what you learned in this course, use Google
and use the code attachments
to try and debug and solve problems on your own.
Now, of course, you also might sometimes be stuck
and you're not able to find a solution on your own.
Now for that, we got a great community here.
Help each other and learn together.
We got a highly active Discord channel,
attached, you'll find a link to that channel,
which you can join for free.
And there, you will find a lot of like-minded people,
other developers, and you can discuss problems
or anything there with them.
And we of course, also have the Q&A board
where you can post questions if you're stuck
but also consider not just posting there,
but also try helping others, because it is helping others
and diving into problems and solving problems
which will turn you into an expert developer at the end.
And if you consider these tips and tricks,
then you should be able to get a lot out of this course
and there is nothing that would keep you
from becoming a React expert.